README.md, before:

# Muslim Book

Muslim Book is a Flutter project designed to provide a modern and user-friendly Quran application for users to read and explore the Quranic text.  contributions are welcome.

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/id/app/kajianhub/id6739066951" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/170a7c12-ab9b-470b-8a88-dd1f1d68f0e7" alt="Download on the App Store" height="60">
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rizz.quranku" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46fa6300-2ca2-48e1-afe3-a4004ddda5e7" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="60" style="margin-left: 50px;">
  </a>
</div>


## Tech
- Flutter
- Clean Architecture
- Freezed
- Easy Localization
- Bloc
- Dio
- Get It & Injectable
- Github action CI
- Fastlane CD
- Firebase App Distribution

## Features
- [✔] Display Quranic (Surah and Juz mode) text with translations.
- [✔] Localization in English and Bahasa Indonesia.
- [✔] Search functionality for finding specific Surah.
- [✔] Search functionality for finding specific Juz.
- [✔] Display Shalat time by location.
- [✔] Bookmark and save favorite verses.
- [✔] Audio recitations of Quranic verses.
- [✔] User-friendly and responsive design.
- [✔] Share your favorite verses with your friends on Instagram, WhatsApp, etc.
- [✔] Setting for changing font size, font type, language, etc.
- [✔] Light and Dark mode for more comfortable reading.
- [✔] Display Quranic text with tajweed.
- [In Progress] Display detail Shalat time in calendar/permonth.
- [In Progress] Localization more languages.

## Installation
To run this Flutter project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book.git

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd muslim_book

3. **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    flutter pub get

3. **Run build runner and generate localization**

    ```bash
    flutter pub run build_runner build
    flutter pub run easy_localization:generate -f keys -o locale_keys.g.dart --source-dir assets/translations

4. **Run the application:**

    ```bash
    flutter run
    
## CI/CD with GitHub Actions

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and deployment. The following workflows are available:

### Android Build & Deploy
- Builds and deploys the Android app to Google Play Store or Firebase App Distribution
- Supports version bumping (patch, minor, major)
- Auto-generates release notes from commit history for Firebase Distribution

#### Available Lanes:
- **Google Play Store:**
  - `internal_patch`, `internal_minor`, `internal_major`: Deploy to internal testing track
  - `production_patch`, `production_minor`, `production_major`: Deploy to production track
  - `promote_internal_to_beta`, `promote_beta_to_production`, `promote_internal_to_production`: Promote between tracks

- **Firebase Distribution:**
  - `firebase_dist_patch`, `firebase_dist_minor`, `firebase_dist_major`: Deploy to Firebase App Distribution

### Required Secrets for Firebase Distribution:
- `FIREBASE_APP_ID`: Your Firebase App ID for the Android app
- `FIREBASE_CLI_TOKEN`: Firebase CLI token for authentication

### How to Use:
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your GitHub repository
2. Select the "Android Build & Deploy" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Choose the desired lane and Firebase Distribution groups (if applicable)
5. Click "Run workflow" to start the build and deployment process

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community to help improve and expand the Muslim Book project. If you'd like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

Fork the repository and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

Make your changes, ensuring that the code is well-documented and follows best practices.

Write tests if necessary and ensure existing tests pass.

Open a pull request describing your changes, the problem you're solving, and any relevant information.

Your pull request will be reviewed, and once approved, it will be merged into the main project.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

## Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the project, feel free to reach out to us:

Email: rfaturriza@gmail.com
We appreciate your interest in contributing to the Muslim Book project!

Commit message:

feature: rename project from Muslim Book to KajianHub and update README

README.md, after:

# KajianHub

[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/rfaturriza/muslim_book)](https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/rfaturriza/muslim_book)](https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rfaturriza/muslim_book)](https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book/stargazers)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rfaturriza/muslim_book)](https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/rfaturriza/muslim_book)](https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book/commits/main)

KajianHub is a Flutter project designed to provide a modern and user-friendly Quran application for users to read and explore the Quranic text.  contributions are welcome.

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center">
  <a href="https://apps.apple.com/id/app/kajianhub/id6739066951" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/170a7c12-ab9b-470b-8a88-dd1f1d68f0e7" alt="Download on the App Store" height="60">
  </a>
  <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rizz.quranku" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46fa6300-2ca2-48e1-afe3-a4004ddda5e7" alt="Get it on Google Play" height="60" style="margin-left: 50px;">
  </a>
</div>


## Tech
- Flutter
- Clean Architecture
- Freezed
- Easy Localization
- Bloc
- Dio
- Get It & Injectable
- Github action CI
- Fastlane CD
- Firebase App Distribution

## Features
- [✔] Display Studies (Kajian) list.
- [✔] Display Study (Kajian) detail.
- [✔] Display Quranic (Surah and Juz mode) text with translations.
- [✔] Localization in English and Bahasa Indonesia.
- [✔] Search functionality for finding specific Surah.
- [✔] Search functionality for finding specific Juz.
- [✔] Display Shalat time by location.
- [✔] Bookmark and save favorite verses.
- [✔] Audio recitations of Quranic verses.
- [✔] User-friendly and responsive design.
- [✔] Share your favorite verses with your friends on Instagram, WhatsApp, etc.
- [✔] Setting for changing font size, font type, language, etc.
- [✔] Light and Dark mode for more comfortable reading.
- [✔] Display Quranic text with tajweed.
- [✔] Display detail Shalat time in calendar/permonth.

## Installation
To run this Flutter project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rfaturriza/muslim_book.git

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd muslim_book

3. **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    flutter pub get

3. **Run build runner and generate localization**

    ```bash
    flutter pub run build_runner build
    flutter pub run easy_localization:generate -f keys -o locale_keys.g.dart --source-dir assets/translations

4. **Run the application:**

    ```bash
    flutter run
    
## CI/CD with GitHub Actions

This project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and deployment. The following workflows are available:

### Android Build & Deploy
- Builds and deploys the Android app to Google Play Store or Firebase App Distribution
- Supports version bumping (patch, minor, major)
- Auto-generates release notes from commit history for Firebase Distribution

#### Available Lanes:
- **Google Play Store:**
  - `internal_patch`, `internal_minor`, `internal_major`: Deploy to internal testing track
  - `production_patch`, `production_minor`, `production_major`: Deploy to production track
  - `promote_internal_to_beta`, `promote_beta_to_production`, `promote_internal_to_production`: Promote between tracks

- **Firebase Distribution:**
  - `firebase_dist_patch`, `firebase_dist_minor`, `firebase_dist_major`: Deploy to Firebase App Distribution

### Required Secrets for Firebase Distribution:
- `FIREBASE_APP_ID`: Your Firebase App ID for the Android app
- `FIREBASE_CLI_TOKEN`: Firebase CLI token for authentication

### How to Use:
1. Go to the "Actions" tab in your GitHub repository
2. Select the "Android Build & Deploy" workflow
3. Click "Run workflow"
4. Choose the desired lane and Firebase Distribution groups (if applicable)
5. Click "Run workflow" to start the build and deployment process

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community to help improve and expand the KajianHub project. If you'd like to contribute, please follow these guidelines:

Fork the repository and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

Make your changes, ensuring that the code is well-documented and follows best practices.

Write tests if necessary and ensure existing tests pass.

Open a pull request describing your changes, the problem you're solving, and any relevant information.

Your pull request will be reviewed, and once approved, it will be merged into the main project.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

## Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the project, feel free to reach out to us:

Email: rfaturriza@gmail.com
We appreciate your interest in contributing to the KajianHub project!
